Why are you warm now?
Become friends
Nothing to do with you
Ye Nanhao heard that your mother is sick
Could it be that Sheng Nan gave the money?
The night is hard to cross, like a stray dog every day
It is also comparable to Lonely Blue Peak
I'm just playing a cheap game when I'm bored
Did you hear it all?
You don't really think
Don't forget why he targeted you in the first place
Mom
What's wrong with you?
There is a traitor in the bodyguard
Nuannuan, I want to go back to a foreign country.
Something happened to MC
Knott will stay and protect you
Nuan Nuan's mother will definitely come back to find you
Do you really want to go back
The legal inheritance of Besley holding hands is me
I have to go back.
OK, then I'll wait for you to come back.
Mott
You go back too
Hide in the dark and do what you can
My mission is to protect the little goddess
This is an order.
Yes, Miss.
Please protect yourself.
We can't live here anymore
New housing is not safe either